Add rosey migration guide (#100)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: guides/rosey-migration-guide/index.mdx

## Advantages of Rosey

- Rosey is open-source, so if there’s something you don’t like, you can create an issue or GitHub or even submit a pull request to have it changed. The code is completely public if you want to check out what’s happening under the hood.
- Rosey is written in Rust, and runs blazingly fast.
- Since Rosey is available as an NPM package, you can develop and test your translated site locally, instead of pushing to CloudCannon to build the site every time you make a change.
- Rosey has a nicer file format than CloudCannon’s i18n, but is also completely backwards-compatible.
- Rosey has a much wider feature set
    - With the `--wrap` flag, you can ensure that languages with no spaces are appropriately wordwrapped for better readability and accessibility.
    - Tooling to easily check which parts of the site haven’t been translated, or where the translations have become outdated from the original text.
    - Support for translating images, JSON, and HTML attributes like img alt tags and meta descriptions.

## Caveats

> One problem with using Rosey with CloudCannon is that it can interfere with the Visual Editor. The Visual Editor needs to know where your site's output files are, and in the workflow described in this guide Rosey moves those files around. For this reason, we recommend using Rosey **only** in conjunction with a staging workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One consideration when integrating Rosey with CloudCannon is that it can interfere with the Visual Editor. The Visual Editor needs to know where your site's output files are, and in the workflow described in this guide Rosey moves those files around. For this reason, we recommend using Rosey **only** in conjunction with a staging workflow.
```

> You can read more about the advantages of a staging workflow, and how to set it up in CloudCannon, [in this Staging Workflow Guide](/documentation/guides/staging-workflow-guide/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more about the advantages of a staging workflow, and how to set it up in CloudCannon, [in our Staging Workflow Guide](/documentation/guides/staging-workflow-guide/).
```
